[Turbo] Pass EventSource options to `turbo_stream_listen` (#2447)
symfony/ux: src/Turbo/doc/index.rst

        </turbo-frame>
    {% endblock %}

If you're using a private hub, you can add ``{ withCredentials: true }``

> as the third argument of ``turbo_stream_listen()`` to authenticated with the hub

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as ``turbo_stream_listen()`` third argument to authenticate with the hub
```

wdyt ?
